# coursera-financial-aid-answer

## Why are you applying for Financial Aid?
I am an engineering student and I have a keen interest in learning about IoT and embedded systems and I believe that Raspberry Pi is one of the most demanding and trending platforms in the industry right now. I have doing my studies in computer science. I think it will be beneficial for me to get into a good firm as an intern. But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expanses to pay for the certificate of this course. I live only for my education loan. In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. So I’m badly in need of this financial aid. Receiving this Financial Aid will open for me a new horizons of the world of Coursera courses, which in turn will help me in future. Sir, I need this course very badly for my CV and for increasing my knowledge about the subject. I am doing my college on education loan already so my pocket doesn't allow me to afford this. So I am badly in need for this financial aid.

## How will taking this course help you achieve your career goals?
I am pursuing my graduation in computer science. Also, I have a keen interest in doing projects with Raspberry Pi and other IoT related domains like Arduino, sensors, etc. I want to complete the course due to my curiosity and also that I can put a good CV to get applied to a job. This course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out various programs in a computer language and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I plan to complete all assignments on or before time. Also, I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments that are to peer-reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.

## Would you consider using a low-interest loan to pay for your courses?
### If you answered no, please help us understand why.
My father has taken up an education loan from the bank to pay my college fees. In these circumstances, my father cannot afford to take another loan nor I as I don't earn anything right now.
